hi friends today i want to tell
you in one interesting fascinating
the game that will give you not only
fun of the gameplay but also
allow you to win a pleasant breeze
let's see the screensaver then we
know all the details
the goal of the game called crius fighters
possess the most valuable pandora's box
treasure in the universe accidentally fallen
on one calm and peaceful planet
rack says what is this treasure
a serious universal battle unfolded
plunged into the abyss of the endless
chaos
each of you has a chance to become
the owner of this treasure if you
decide to take part in it
fascinating online
rbg right from the start
A selection of 50 characters each
does not have a high level of combat
qualifications so during the game
process you have to pump them
skill and acquire new weapons
which of course it will be possible
improve by going to the forge
to bring victory closer to you
opportunity to recruit
team of friends or join the guild
which will give you more serious chances
for success cows pipers offers 400
dungeons and more than 20 quest chains
so the path to the treasured reward will be
non-close in the game also provided
arena mode where you can
demonstrate your skills and
fight with opponents around the world
Separately pleases the presence of native
Russian characters Pushkin formidable
Ilyusha and the bear but if you take possession
pandora’s box you still fail
you have a chance to become the owner
a new player ipod nano 7 generation
today starts a special
the competition the winner of which will receive
your order
this wonderful gadget is all you need
make it install on your iphone
or ipad calls fighters and make
screenshot from anywhere in the game if you
don't know how to do it
simultaneously press the home button and
screen lock button after that
screenshot must be uploaded to any
photo hosting or to any social network
in which you are registered to pass
google form in the description for this video and
insert your pictures into it or
publications in the social network
as well as inform your contact e-mail
the contest will last until 23 hours 59 minutes
this sunday is april 26th
monday we are random
let's sum up and choose the winner
note that sending prizes
carried out only on the territory
Russia
glow winning ipod nano choose
because the winner himself is all necessary
links are in the description below and in
post with this video on apple insider
dot ru a qr code to install the game you
see right now on the screen wish
good luck and let you get lucky